---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scc_generate_csr Action - SAP Cloud Connector"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Generates a Certificate Signing Request (CSR) based on the type of Certificate.
---

# scc_generate_csr (Action)

Generates a Certificate Signing Request (CSR) based on the type of Certificate.

## Example Usage

```terraform
action "scc_generate_csr" "system_cert" {
  config {
    type     = "system" # Options: ca | system | ui
    key_size = 2048     # Options: 2048 | 4096
    subject_dn = {
      cn    = "cloud-connector.example.com"
      o     = "SAP"
      ou    = "BTP Engineering and Delivery Services India"
      l     = "Bangalore"
      st    = "Karnataka"
      c     = "IN"
      email = "admin@example.com"
    }
    subject_alternative_names = [
      {
        type  = "DNS"
        value = "cloud-connector.example.com"
      },
      {
        type  = "DNS"
        value = "cc.internal.local"
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

<!-- action schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `key_size` (Number) The size of the key to generate for the CSR.
- `subject_dn` (Attributes) The subject distinguished name (DN) for the CSR. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subject_dn))
- `type` (String) The type of Certificate for which to generate the CSR.

### Optional

- `subject_alternative_names` (Attributes List) Subject Alternative Names (SANs) for the certificate, allowing additional identities to be associated with the certificate beyond the Common Name (CN). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subject_alternative_names))

<a id="nestedatt--subject_dn"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subject_dn`

Required:

- `cn` (String) Common Name (CN) of the certificate, typically representing the domain name or identifier for which the certificate is issued.

Optional:

- `c` (String) Country (C) of the certificate subject, typically represented as a two-letter ISO country code.
- `email` (String) Email address associated with the certificate subject.
- `l` (String) Locality (L) of the certificate subject, such as a city or town.
- `o` (String) Organization (O) of the certificate subject, representing the name of the organization.
- `ou` (String) Organizational Unit (OU) of the certificate subject, representing a department or division within an organization.
- `st` (String) State or Province (ST) of the certificate subject.


<a id="nestedatt--subject_alternative_names"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subject_alternative_names`

Required:

- `type` (String) The type of SAN, such as DNS, IP, RFC822 or URI.
- `value` (String) The value of the SAN, such as a domain name for DNS, an IP address for IP, an email address for RFC822, or a URI for URI.
