---
page_title: "scc_backend_trust_store Data Source - scc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Cloud Connector Backend Trust Store Data Source.
  Tips:
  You must be assigned to the following roles:
  AdministratorAssociate AdministratorSubaccount AdministratorDisplaySupportMonitoring
  Further documentation:
  https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/proxy-settings
---

# scc_backend_trust_store (Data Source)

Cloud Connector Backend Trust Store Data Source.

__Tips:__
* You must be assigned to the following roles:
	* Administrator
	* Associate Administrator
	* Subaccount Administrator 
	* Display
	* Support
	* Monitoring

__Further documentation:__
<https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/proxy-settings>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "scc_backend_trust_store" "scc_bts" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `trust_all_backends` (Boolean) Flag (boolean) indicating whether all backends are trusted (true), or only the backends represented by certificates are trusted (false).
- `trusted_backends` (Attributes List) List of trusted backends represented by certificates. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trusted_backends))

<a id="nestedatt--trusted_backends"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trusted_backends`

Read-Only:

- `alias` (String) Alias of the backend certificate.
- `issuer` (String) Issuer of the backend certificate.
- `subject_dn` (Attributes) Subject Distinguished Name (DN) of the certificate. This contains the identity information associated with the certificate subject. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trusted_backends--subject_dn))
- `valid_to` (String) Validity end date of the backend certificate.

<a id="nestedatt--trusted_backends--subject_dn"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trusted_backends.subject_dn`

Read-Only:

- `c` (String) Country (C) of the certificate subject, typically represented as a two-letter ISO country code.
- `cn` (String) Common Name (CN) of the certificate subject.
- `email` (String) Email address (EMAIL) associated with the certificate subject.
- `l` (String) Locality (L) of the certificate subject, such as a city or town.
- `o` (String) Organization (O) of the certificate subject.
- `ou` (String) Organizational Unit (OU) of the certificate subject.
- `st` (String) State or Province (ST) of the certificate subject.
