---
page_title: "scc_ca_certificate Data Source - scc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Cloud Connector CA Certificate Data Source.
  Provides metadata about the Certificate Authority (CA) certificate trusted by the Cloud Connector.
  This information can be used to verify the issuing authority, certificate validity period, and trust configuration.
  Further documentation:
  https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/ca-certificate-for-principal-propagation-apis#get-description-for-a-ca-certificate-for-principal-propagation
  https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/ca-certificate-for-principal-propagation-apis#get-binary-content-of-a-ca-certificate-for-principal-propagation
---

# scc_ca_certificate (Data Source)

Cloud Connector CA Certificate Data Source.
				
Provides metadata about the Certificate Authority (CA) certificate trusted by the Cloud Connector.
This information can be used to verify the issuing authority, certificate validity period, and trust configuration.

__Further documentation:__
<https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/ca-certificate-for-principal-propagation-apis#get-description-for-a-ca-certificate-for-principal-propagation>
<https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/ca-certificate-for-principal-propagation-apis#get-binary-content-of-a-ca-certificate-for-principal-propagation>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "scc_ca_certificate" "ca_certificate" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `certificate_pem` (String, Sensitive) CA certificate in PEM format, which can be used to configure trust stores or verify certificate chains.
- `issuer` (String) Distinguished Name (DN) of the issuing Certificate Authority. For self-signed root CAs, this is the same as the subject.
- `serial_number` (String) Serial number assigned to the CA certificate by its issuing authority.
- `subject_alternative_names` (Attributes List) Subject Alternative Names (SANs) for the certificate, allowing additional identities to be associated with the certificate beyond the Common Name (CN). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subject_alternative_names))
- `subject_dn` (Attributes) Subject Distinguished Name (DN) of the issuing **Certificate Authority (CA)** certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subject_dn))
- `valid_from` (String) Timestamp of the beginning of the validity period.
- `valid_to` (String) Timestamp of the end of the validity period.

<a id="nestedatt--subject_alternative_names"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subject_alternative_names`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) The type of SAN, such as DNS, IP, RFC822 or URI.
- `value` (String) The value of the SAN, such as a domain name for DNS, an IP address for IP, an email address for RFC822, or a URI for URI.


<a id="nestedatt--subject_dn"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subject_dn`

Read-Only:

- `c` (String) Country (C) of the CA subject, typically represented as a two-letter ISO country code.
- `cn` (String) Common Name (CN) of the CA certificate, typically representing the CA name.
- `email` (String) Email address associated with the CA subject.
- `l` (String) Locality (L) of the CA subject, such as a city or town.
- `o` (String) Organization (O) of the CA subject, representing the name of the organization.
- `ou` (String) Organizational Unit (OU) of the CA subject, representing a department or division within an organization.
- `st` (String) State or Province (ST) of the CA subject.
