---
page_title: "scc_system_certificate Data Source - scc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Cloud Connector System Certificate Data Source.
  Provides metadata about the TLS certificate configured for the Cloud Connector system.
  This information can be used to verify certificate validity, issuer details, and hostname configuration.
  Further documentation:
  https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/system-certificate-apis#get-description-for-a-system-certificate
  https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/system-certificate-apis#get-binary-content-of-a-system-certificate
---

# scc_system_certificate (Data Source)

Cloud Connector System Certificate Data Source.
				
Provides metadata about the TLS certificate configured for the Cloud Connector system. 
This information can be used to verify certificate validity, issuer details, and hostname configuration.

__Further documentation:__
<https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/system-certificate-apis#get-description-for-a-system-certificate>
<https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/system-certificate-apis#get-binary-content-of-a-system-certificate>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "scc_system_certificate" "system_certificate" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `certificate_pem` (String, Sensitive) System certificate in PEM format.
- `issuer` (String) Certificate authority (CA) that issued this certificate.
- `serial_number` (String) Unique identifier for the certificate, typically assigned by the CA.
- `subject_alternative_names` (String) List of Subject Alternative Names (SANs) included in the certificate, such as DNS names, IP addresses, or email addresses.
- `subject_dn` (Attributes) Subject Distinguished Name (DN) of the certificate, identifying the certificate owner. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subject_dn))
- `valid_from` (String) Timestamp of the beginning of the validity period.
- `valid_to` (String) Timestamp of the end of the validity period.

<a id="nestedatt--subject_dn"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subject_dn`

Read-Only:

- `c` (String) Country (C) of the certificate subject, typically represented as a two-letter ISO country code.
- `cn` (String) Common Name (CN) of the certificate, typically representing the domain name or identifier for which the certificate is issued.
- `email` (String) Email address associated with the certificate subject.
- `l` (String) Locality (L) of the certificate subject, such as a city or town.
- `o` (String) Organization (O) of the certificate subject, representing the name of the organization.
- `ou` (String) Organizational Unit (OU) of the certificate subject, representing a department or division within an organization.
- `st` (String) State or Province (ST) of the certificate subject.
