---
page_title: "scc_subaccount Resource - scc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Cloud Connector Subaccount resource.
  Tips:
  You must be assigned to the following roles:
  AdministratorSubaccount Administrator
  Further documentation:
  https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/subaccount
---

# scc_subaccount (Resource)

Cloud Connector Subaccount resource.
		
__Tips:__
* You must be assigned to the following roles:
	* Administrator
	* Subaccount Administrator

__Further documentation:__
<https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/subaccount>

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "scc_subaccount" "scc_sa" {
  region_host    = "cf.eu12.hana.ondemand.com"
  subaccount     = "12345678-90ab-cdef-1234-567890abcdef"
  cloud_user     = "Cloud Username"
  cloud_password = "Cloud Password"
  display_name   = "Subaccount_Terraform"
  description    = "Description for Subaccount added via Terraform."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cloud_password` (String, Sensitive) Password for the cloud user.
- `cloud_user` (String) User for the specified subaccount and region host.
- `region_host` (String) Region Host Name.
- `subaccount` (String) The ID of the subaccount.

### Optional

- `auto_renew_before_days` (Number) Number of days before certificate expiration when the certificate should be renewed automatically. Minimum is 7 days, maximum is 45 days.
- `connected` (Boolean) Specifies whether the subaccount should be connected to the Cloud Connector.

- **true** → attempts to establish a tunnel connection.
- **false** → disconnects the subaccount from the Cloud Connector.

The value is persisted in state based on what you configure (not overwritten by runtime status).  
The actual tunnel status is reported by the Cloud Connector and may differ:

- *Connected* → tunnel established successfully.
- *Disconnected* → tunnel was intentionally or unintentionally closed.
- *ConnectFailure* → tunnel could not be established (e.g., invalid credentials, network issues).  

**Important:**  
In case of *ConnectFailure*, the provider will issue a warning but will **not reset** the value of connected.  
To recover, set connected = false, apply, and then set it back to true to retry the connection.
- `description` (String) Description of the subaccount.
- `display_name` (String) Display name of the subaccount.
- `location_id` (String) Location identifier for the Cloud Connector instance.

### Read-Only

- `tunnel` (Attributes) Details of connection tunnel used by the subaccount. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tunnel))

<a id="nestedatt--tunnel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tunnel`

Read-Only:

- `application_connections` (Attributes List) Array of connections to application instances. Each connection provides information about a specific application instance accessible through the cloud connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tunnel--application_connections))
- `connected_since` (String) Timestamp of the start of the connection.
- `connections` (Number) Number of subaccount connections.
- `service_channels` (Attributes List) Type and state of the service channels used (types: HANA database, Virtual Machine or RFC) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tunnel--service_channels))
- `state` (String) State of the tunnel. Possible values are: 

  | state | description | 
  | --- | --- | 
  | `Connected` | The tunnel is active and functioning properly. | 
  | `ConnectFailure` | The tunnel failed to establish a connection due to an issue. | 
  | `Disconnected` | The tunnel was previously connected but is now intentionally or unintentionally disconnected. |
- `subaccount_certificate` (Attributes) Information on the subaccount certificate such as validity period, issuer and subject DN. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tunnel--subaccount_certificate))
- `user` (String) User for the specified region host and subaccount.

<a id="nestedatt--tunnel--application_connections"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tunnel.application_connections`

Read-Only:

- `connection_count` (Number) Number of active connections to the specified application instance.
- `name` (String) Name of the connected application instance.
- `type` (String) Type of the connected application instance.


<a id="nestedatt--tunnel--service_channels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tunnel.service_channels`

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String) Optional user-provided comment or annotation regarding the service channel.
- `details` (String) Technical details about the service channel.
- `state` (String) Current operational state of the service channel.
- `type` (String) Type of the service channel (e.g., HANA, VM, or RFC).


<a id="nestedatt--tunnel--subaccount_certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tunnel.subaccount_certificate`

Read-Only:

- `issuer` (String) Certificate authority (CA) that issued this certificate.
- `serial_number` (String) Unique identifier for the certificate, typically assigned by the CA.
- `subject_dn` (String) The subject distinguished name.
- `valid_from` (String) Timestamp of the beginning of the validity period.
- `valid_to` (String) Timestamp of the end of the validity period.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```terraform
# terraform import scc_subaccount.<resource_name> '<region_host>,<subaccount>`

terraform import scc_subaccount.scc_sa 'cf.eu12.hana.ondemand.com,12345678-90ab-cdef-1234-567890abcdef'

# terraform import using id attribute in import block
import {
  to = scc_subaccount.<resource_name>
  id = "<region_host>,<subaccount>"
}


# this resource supports import using identity attribute from Terraform version 1.12 or higher

import {
  to = scc_subaccount.<resource_name>
  identity = {
    region_host = "<region_host>"
    subaccount  = "<subaccount>"
  }
}
```
