---
page_title: "scc_system_certificate_self_signed Resource - scc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages a Self-Signed System Certificate in SAP Cloud Connector.
  Supports:
  • Self-signed certificates
  Further documentation:
  https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/system-certificate-apis#create-a-self-signed-system-certificate-(master-only)
---

# scc_system_certificate_self_signed (Resource)

Creates and manages a **Self-Signed System Certificate** in SAP Cloud Connector.
		
**Supports:**
• Self-signed certificates

__Further documentation:__
<https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/system-certificate-apis#create-a-self-signed-system-certificate-(master-only)>

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "scc_system_certificate_self_signed" "self_signed_cert" {
  key_size = 2048
  subject_dn = {
    cn = "example.com"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `key_size` (Number) Key size in bits. Allowed values: 2048 or 4096.
- `subject_dn` (Attributes) Subject Distinguished Name (DN) of the certificate. The Common Name (CN) is mandatory, while other fields like L, OU, O, ST, C, or Email may be present depending on the issuing CA. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subject_dn))

### Read-Only

- `certificate_pem` (String, Sensitive) System certificate in PEM format.
- `issuer` (String) Certificate authority (CA) that issued this certificate.
- `serial_number` (String) Unique identifier for the certificate, typically assigned by the CA.
- `type` (String) Certificate type. Allowed values: `selfsigned`
- `valid_from` (String) Timestamp of the beginning of the validity period.
- `valid_to` (String) Timestamp of the end of the validity period.

<a id="nestedatt--subject_dn"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subject_dn`

Required:

- `cn` (String) Common Name (CN) of the certificate, typically representing the domain name or identifier for which the certificate is issued.

Optional:

- `c` (String) Country (C) of the certificate subject, typically represented as a two-letter ISO country code.
- `email` (String) Email address associated with the certificate subject.
- `l` (String) Locality (L) of the certificate subject, such as a city or town.
- `o` (String) Organization (O) of the certificate subject, representing the name of the organization.
- `ou` (String) Organizational Unit (OU) of the certificate subject, representing a department or division within an organization.
- `st` (String) State or Province (ST) of the certificate subject.


