---
page_title: "scc_system_certificate_signed_chain Resource - scc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages a Signed Chain Certificate for the SAP BTP Connectivity service. This resource uploads a certificate chain that was generated from a CSR
  downloaded from SAP Cloud Connector.
  Supports:
  • Signed Chain Certificate: A certificate that is signed by an external Certificate Authority (CA) and includes the full certificate chain up to the root CA.
  Required Workflow:
  Generate a Certificate Signing Request (CSR) from the SAP Cloud Connector.Submit the CSR to a trusted Certificate Authority (CA) to obtain a signed certificate chain.Create certificate chain in the order:
  leaf certificate -> intermediate CA (if applicable) -> root CA.Provide the chain to Terraform using either:
  file("signed_chain.pem")or by directly pasting the PEM-encoded chain in the configuration.
  Notes:
  Cloud Connector accepts only the latest CSRCertificate must match the CSR's public key and subject.Chain must be PEM-encoded.On deleting the system certificate resource, the certificate is removed from the SAP Cloud Connector, and any existing connections that rely on that certificate will be disrupted until a new certificate is uploaded using a new CSR.Any change to signed_chain forces replacement since SAP Cloud Connector supports only one system certificate.
  Further documentation:
  https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/system-certificate-apis#upload-a-signed-certificate-chain-as-system-certificate-(master-only)
---

# scc_system_certificate_signed_chain (Resource)

Creates and manages a **Signed Chain Certificate** for the SAP BTP Connectivity service. This resource uploads a certificate chain that was generated from a CSR
downloaded from SAP Cloud Connector.
		
**Supports:**
• Signed Chain Certificate: A certificate that is signed by an external Certificate Authority (CA) and includes the full certificate chain up to the root CA.

**Required Workflow:**
1. Generate a Certificate Signing Request (CSR) from the SAP Cloud Connector.
2. Submit the CSR to a trusted Certificate Authority (CA) to obtain a signed certificate chain.
3. Create certificate chain in the order:
   leaf certificate -> intermediate CA (if applicable) -> root CA.
4. Provide the chain to Terraform using either:
   - file("signed_chain.pem")
   - or by directly pasting the PEM-encoded chain in the configuration.


**Notes:**
- Cloud Connector accepts **only the latest CSR**
- Certificate must match the CSR's public key and subject.
- Chain must be PEM-encoded.
- On deleting the system certificate resource, the certificate is removed from the SAP Cloud Connector, and any existing connections that rely on that certificate will be disrupted until a new certificate is uploaded using a new CSR.
- Any change to signed_chain forces replacement since SAP Cloud Connector supports only one system certificate.

__Further documentation:__
<https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/system-certificate-apis#upload-a-signed-certificate-chain-as-system-certificate-(master-only)>

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "scc_system_certificate_signed_chain" "system_cert_signed_chain_as_file" {
  signed_chain = file("${path.module}/certs/signed_chain.pem")
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `signed_chain` (String, Sensitive) PEM-encoded signed certificate chain.
The chain should be ordered as follows:
1. Leaf Certificate: The certificate issued for the specific domain or service, containing the public key and subject information.
2. Intermediate CA Certificate(s) (if applicable): One or more certificates that link the leaf certificate to the root CA. These are necessary if the issuing CA is not a root CA.
3. Root CA Certificate: The top-level certificate that is self-signed by the CA, serving as the trust anchor for the certificate chain.

This value can be provided using:
- file("signed_chain.pem")
- Inline multi-line string.

The provider validates PEM format before uploading.

### Read-Only

- `certificate_pem` (String) PEM-encoded certificate data. This is the leaf certificate extracted from the provided signed chain.
- `issuer` (String) Certificate authority (CA) that issued this certificate.
- `serial_number` (String) Unique identifier for the certificate, typically assigned by the CA.
- `subject_dn` (Attributes) Subject Distinguished Name (DN) of the certificate. The Common Name (CN) is mandatory, while other fields like L, OU, O, ST, C, or Email may be present depending on the issuing CA. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subject_dn))
- `valid_from` (String) Timestamp of the beginning of the validity period.
- `valid_to` (String) Timestamp of the end of the validity period.

<a id="nestedatt--subject_dn"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subject_dn`

Read-Only:

- `c` (String) Country (C) of the certificate subject, typically represented as a two-letter ISO country code.
- `cn` (String) Common Name (CN) of the certificate, typically representing the domain name or identifier for which the certificate is issued.
- `email` (String) Email address associated with the certificate subject.
- `l` (String) Locality (L) of the certificate subject, such as a city or town.
- `o` (String) Organization (O) of the certificate subject, representing the name of the organization.
- `ou` (String) Organizational Unit (OU) of the certificate subject, representing a department or division within an organization.
- `st` (String) State or Province (ST) of the certificate subject.


