---
page_title: "scc_ui_certificate_self_signed Resource - scc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages a Self-Signed UI Certificate in SAP Cloud Connector.
  Supports:
  Self-signed certificates
  Note:
  Any change to key_size or subject_dn forces replacement since SAP Cloud Connector supports only one principal propagation UI certificate.On deleting the UI certificate resource, Terraform only removes the resource from the state. The UI certificate remains configured in SAP Cloud Connector because the connector does not provide an API to delete UI certificates and will continue to be used until it is replaced by creating a new self-signed certificate.
  Further documentation:
  https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/authentication-and-ui-settings#create-a-self-signed-ui-certificate
---

# scc_ui_certificate_self_signed (Resource)

Creates and manages a **Self-Signed UI Certificate** in SAP Cloud Connector.
		
**Supports:**
- Self-signed certificates

**Note:**
- Any change to key_size or subject_dn forces replacement since SAP Cloud Connector supports only one principal propagation UI certificate.
- On deleting the UI certificate resource, Terraform only removes the resource from the state. The UI certificate remains configured in SAP Cloud Connector because the connector does not provide an API to delete UI certificates and will continue to be used until it is replaced by creating a new self-signed certificate.


__Further documentation:__
<https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/authentication-and-ui-settings#create-a-self-signed-ui-certificate>

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "scc_ui_certificate_self_signed" "self_signed_cert" {
  key_size = 2048
  subject_dn = {
    cn = "example.com"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `subject_dn` (Attributes) Subject Distinguished Name (DN) of the certificate. The Common Name (CN) is mandatory, while other fields like L, OU, O, ST, C, or Email may be present depending on the issuing CA. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subject_dn))

### Optional

- `key_size` (Number) Key size in bits. Allowed values: 2048 or 4096.
- `subject_alternative_names` (Attributes List) Subject Alternative Names (SANs) for the certificate, allowing additional identities to be associated with the certificate beyond the Common Name (CN). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subject_alternative_names))

### Read-Only

- `issuer` (String) Certificate authority (CA) that issued this certificate.
- `serial_number` (String) Unique identifier for the certificate, typically assigned by the CA.
- `valid_from` (String) Timestamp of the beginning of the validity period.
- `valid_to` (String) Timestamp of the end of the validity period.

<a id="nestedatt--subject_dn"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subject_dn`

Required:

- `cn` (String) Common Name (CN) of the certificate, typically representing the domain name or identifier for which the certificate is issued.

Optional:

- `c` (String) Country (C) of the certificate subject, typically represented as a two-letter ISO country code.
- `email` (String) Email address associated with the certificate subject.
- `l` (String) Locality (L) of the certificate subject, such as a city or town.
- `o` (String) Organization (O) of the certificate subject, representing the name of the organization.
- `ou` (String) Organizational Unit (OU) of the certificate subject, representing a department or division within an organization.
- `st` (String) State or Province (ST) of the certificate subject.


<a id="nestedatt--subject_alternative_names"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subject_alternative_names`

Required:

- `type` (String) The type of SAN, such as DNS, IP, RFC822 or URI.
- `value` (String) The value of the SAN, such as a domain name for DNS, an IP address for IP, an email address for RFC822, or a URI for URI.


